fix: [MTM-58369] add missing release notes for UI (#1870)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-10-18-292-0-adding-removing-multiple-devices-from-smartrules.md

---
date: 

> title: Activating or deactivating multiple devices in smart rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved activation or deactivation of a smart rule for multiple devices
```

> title: Improved performance of activation or deactivation of a smart rule for multiple devices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Improved performance of activating or deactivating smart rules for multiple devices
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-49732
version: 10.18.292.0
---

> Activating or deactivating child assets is now executed with a single request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved performance of activating or deactivating a smart rule for multiple child assets by executing only a single request.
```

> Improved performance of activating or deactivating a smart rule for multiple child assets by executing only a single request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The performance of activating or deactivating a smart rule for multiple child assets has been improved by executing only a single request instead of multiple requests.
```

> Improved performance of activating or deactivating a smart rule for multiple child assets by executing only a single request.

Reviewer 3: What do you think about `activating and deactivating`?
